# @elements/application
Elements lets you build full stack web apps that scale, with an awesome
productive developer experience. It's the modern Ruby on Rails for TypeScript,
React and CSS with fast build tooling. Create a modern app without compromising
between server and single page apps.

The application framework lets you write your React pages like you always have.
Define routes in code using a simple api, telling Elements which component to
render and passing initial data. Get server data by simply importing and calling
functions. Automatically get server and browser routing and rendering, asset
urls transformed to CDN urls, data fetching that works the same way on the
initial render and in the browser. Create http api routes just as easily as
creating pages.

The build tooling is zero config and just works out of the box for the server
and the browser. The build tool compiles TypeScript, React and CSS, links
browser assets and creates runtime files like dist.json, bundle.js, and
loader.js that the app framework takes advantage of. Builds and rebuilds are
extremely fast. Bundles are automatically split by page which means you don't
have to worry about download scale issues as your code base grows and the user
has to download more and more JavaScript.

The first versions of Elements were created while I was the CTO of a fintech
healthcare startup. We grew from a small prototype with 2 engineers to a hipaa
compliant bank with 20 engineers, 200,000 lines of code, and over a hundred
million dollars of transactions processed through the system. We needed tooling
and a framework that could handle a large code base, and create a fast user
experience for our users. A single page app just wouldn't cut it. And we needed
cold and hot build times to be milliseconds, not 10 minutes.

## Installing Elements

## Creating an Application

## Building and Starting

## Routing

## React Pages

## Session and Authentication

## Error Handling

## Service Functions

## HTTP Apis

## Strongly Typed SQL

## HTTP Caching

## Hot Reloading
